README.md, before:

 the difference Between Test Plan and Test Strategy:

S.NO	Test Plan	Test Strategy
1.	Test plan can be defined as a document for a software project which defines the approach, scope, and intensity on the effort of software testing.	The test strategy is a set of instructions or protocols which explain the test design and determine how the test should be performed.
2.	A test plan can be changed.	While test strategy can’t be changed.
3.	Test plan happens independently.	While test strategy is often found as a part of a test plan.
4.	Test plan describes about the details.	While test strategy describes about the general methodologies.
5.	A test plan is done by the test administrator or test manager.	While It is done by the task manager.
6.	A test plan is utilized at the project level.	While test strategy is utilized at the association level.
7.	A test plan has the essential objective of how to test, when to test and who will confirm it.	While test strategy has the essential objectives of what approach to pursue and which module to check.

Commit message:

Difference between smoke test and Sanity Test is Added

README.md, after:

1. the difference Between Test Plan and Test Strategy:

S.NO	Test Plan	Test Strategy
1.	Test plan can be defined as a document for a software project which defines the approach, scope, and intensity on the effort of software testing.	The test strategy is a set of instructions or protocols which explain the test design and determine how the test should be performed.
2.	A test plan can be changed.	While test strategy can’t be changed.
3.	Test plan happens independently.	While test strategy is often found as a part of a test plan.
4.	Test plan describes about the details.	While test strategy describes about the general methodologies.
5.	A test plan is done by the test administrator or test manager.	While It is done by the task manager.
6.	A test plan is utilized at the project level.	While test strategy is utilized at the association level.
7.	A test plan has the essential objective of how to test, when to test and who will confirm it.	
     While test strategy has the essential objectives of what approach to pursue and which module to check.

2.Difference between smoke testing and sanity test?
Smoke Testing	Sanity Testing
Smoke testing is done to assure that the acute functionalities of program is working fine.	Sanity testing is done to check the bugs have been fixed after the build.
Smoke testing is also called subset of acceptance testing.	Sanity testing is also called subset of regression testing.
Smoke testing is documented.	Sanity testing isn’t documented.
Smoke testing is performed by either developers or testers.	Sanity testing is normally performed by testers.
Smoke testing may be stable or unstable.	Sanity testing is stable.
Smoke testing is scripted.	Sanity testing is usually not scripted.
Smoke testing is done to measures the stability of the system/product by performing testing.	Sanity testing is done to measures the rationality of the system/product by performing testing.
Smoke testing is used to test all over function of the system/product.	Sanity testing is used in the case of only modified or defect functions of system/products.
Smoke testing can be performed either manually or by using automation tools.	Sanity testing is commonly executed manually, not by using any automation approach.
Smoke testing is performed when new product is built.	Sanity testing is conducted after the completion of regression testing.
